The magic of music is the fact that it's always the same, yet always new.
God transcends all dimensions.
The law of floatation was not discovered by contemplation of the sinking of things.
One real friend beats a thousand fake ones.
The best cure for chronic fatigue is creativity.
As long as you're living, you don't stop learning.
The day you stop making mistakes is the day you can be sure you're no longer on the frontier.
The master key to success lies in your capacity to believe that you will succeed.
All I've lost does not compare to what I've won.
The beautiful thing about music is that when you hear it, it hears you.
Everything works somehow.
Everything comes with the time you give it.
We must assume that all people in politics have the same human tendencies that people in free markets do.
There is nothing progressive about socialism... In effect, socialism is the regression of human rights and economic growth.
Begin negotiations by addressing (and removing) the negative assumptions the other side probably has about you.
Soft can be strong. Gentle can shake the world.
I am what I'm meant to be; I am what I meant to be.
The opposite of addiction is not sobriety; it's human connection.
Lockdowns are not about public health; they are about control.
The scariest thing I realized while trying to teach people programming is... These people vote.
Magic is ignorance.
I ain't scared of you no more.
You shouldn't blame someone for how they were raised.
A person's willingness to spend other people's money is not evidence that the person is compassionate.
Be who you are.
If something costs one thousand dollars, and it's on sale for seven hundred, and you decide to buy it, you didn't save three hundred dollars, you spent seven hundred.
Societal change toward liberty has been demonstrated to be absolutely possible.
Life is a battle, and only you can decide who wins.
Never fit in, never fear.
Prioritizing employment over productivity puts the cart before the horse.
Most people see that there are problems in the world but don't take any productive action to fix them. Instead, they complain about things and preach of “solutions” that someone else will pay for.
Don't take advice from people who have not done what you want to do.
There's just as much grace in walking away as there is in staying put.
Only a very small number of people are truly evil, but a very large number of people are conformists.
Life is only an increment of time.
Love is letting go and holding on all at once.
A man with a gun is a citizen. A man without a gun is a subject.
There is nothing conservative about stimulus legislation.
I don't know, I'm not God.
Life is only a matter of time.
Policies cannot save lives; they can only trade lives.
The biggest threat to your personal liberty is your own government.
I'm so bold that even I'm afraid of me.
Do something new. Feel alive.
The only right is the right to life.
Rebel.
Test your work, especially when you think it's perfect.
It's not party that matters, it's philosophy.
We grow small trying to be great.
Think accurately. Don't believe everything you're told. Rely on evidence, not assumptions.
It's a shot in the dark, but I'll take it.
Creativity is a muscle that you have to exercise.
“Believing the science” is the least scientific thing you can do.
Math is the key to understanding the universe.
Embrace your badass rebel self.
There are two types of people in the business community: those who produce results and those who give you reasons why they didn't.
Jesus was not a socialist; he loved people, not the state!
Here's to the mess we make.
When negotiating with someone, disarm them by being too hard on yourself.
No offense, but you are a stupid asshole.
Attractiveness is a side-effect of good health.
The problem with good intentions is that they don't help anyone.
It's kind of stupid to spend time learning things that you don't have a use for.
Things usually go much better when you do your research first.
Your success depends on your freedom.
When plunder becomes a way of life for a group of men in a society, over time they create for themselves a legal system that authorizes it and a moral code that glorifies it.
This is heaven.
People don't respond to laws. People respond to incentives.
Stop playing the victim.
Monumental change does not require large amounts of people.
There is no human power that can save me.
Capitalism takes your desire to improve your life and funnels it into fulfilling the needs of other people.
Sometimes, the key to getting what you want is not needing it.
Looking back, I see that everything that happened to me happened exactly the way it should have.
Take your demons, watch me smile.
I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.
Live your life with no buts.
Things start to click when you decide to just be what you are.
Running only gets you where you see.
Your thoughts are limited by the languages you understand.
Never negotiate with terrorists.
What are you waiting for?
It's amazing how much better life is when you're honest.
The idea that you should be able to steal from someone just because they have more than you do is absolutely evil.
The whole point of costs is to be prohibitive.
All knowledge comes from observation and reason. The power to learn lives within everyone.
Endeavor to work fast and live long.
We experience uneasiness. We develop a vision for a better future. We take purposeful steps to get there.
The man is in the stone… all you have to do is chip away the excess.
Being a freshman sucks.
Justice is individual, not collective.
Taxation is theft.
Some people think a great deal too much. Of that I'm certain.
Rebel children, I urge you, fight the turgid slick of conformity with which they seek to smother your glory.
I am the militia.
I'll be kind to you even if we disagree.
Who says every man's man can't be rich?
Try to live each day as if you've deliberately traveled back in time to relive it.
Incentives, not intentions, are what matter.
Everyone wins with freedom.