People love artists who are humble and grateful.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned to have the life that is waiting for us.
If you count the tail of the cat as a leg, how many legs does the cat have? four, because counting the tail as a leg doesn't make it one.
Red lights eventually become green lights.
Capitalism and abolitionism are intellectual siblings.
Dear universe, give me an opportunity. I will not squander it.
Be my gravity.
Only thing I know… it's gonna be alright.
There are people who rise and people who fall.
Marry someone you wouldn't mind your children turning into.
There is no place in my life for negativity.
There's a fire burning inside me.
Trust in your passion.
The most meaningful inspiration in life is the inspiration you find in yourself.
You can always come back home.
What's stopping you?
One fails forward toward success.
The best fighter is never angry.
Keep your head on ground level.
Capitalism is built upon the concept of individual property rights. The moment a capitalist commits an act of greed by cheating or stealing from another individual, he infringes upon that individual's property rights and is therefore no longer a capitalist; he is a criminal.
You will never be great by doing what you're told.
Lies are the root of evil. Ironically, slavery itself was made possible only because of the lie that the black was inferior to the white. Naziism was made possible thanks to the lie that Jews were not fully human. and communism was built on lies. Lenin, the father of Soviet communism, named the Soviet communist newspaper “truth” because truth was what the communist party said it was.
I never needed a church, a holy book, or a ceremony to know God. I only needed to open my eyes to all of the love in my life.
Question everything.
My philosophy is to be loving when others are hateful.
If you got everything you wanted all at once, there'd be no point in living.
Life is worthless without freedom.
Politicians are paid to fix problems. That's why problems never get fixed.
Why do people say that they love God? what does that even mean? the important thing is that God loves us.
The only real requirement for a relationship is time.
Elegance is simplicity and power.
Awaken your desire.
Calculus is as much about mathematics as good spelling is about writing.
The most revolutionary thing you can do is tell the truth.
The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, “I'm from the government, and I'm here to help”
I don't think it would be any more unusual for me to show up in another lifetime as it was for me to show up in this one.
Markets are processes of competition and learning.
Businesses have done more to reduce poverty than all intellectuals combined.
It's impossible to keep a promise that you don't understand.
Sometimes I wish there was a back button in life.
Your real life begins at the moment you realize exactly what you want and declare it your destiny.
The con­stitution is a limitation on the government, not on pri­vate individuals.
When you get someone to say “no” to a question in negotiation, you are giving them a risk-free way to explain their concerns, which gives you a better understanding of their perspective, and consequently, the upper hand in the deal.
Don't keep your ideas secret. Discuss them, refine them, and put them to the test.
The key to comedy is making yourself laugh.
At the end of the day, the only fundamental difference between the bureaucrat and the businessman is the system they are in.
The more citizens want to further national goals through government action, the less consensus they will demand in the collective decision-making process.
The only way to make something that has to be produced a right is to force someone else to produce it.
We are not human beings having spiritual experiences; we are spiritual beings having human experiences.
I want to be challenged, not brainwashed.
Instead of canceling, censoring, or alienating people you disagree with, respectfully prove them wrong. If you can't prove them wrong, listen to what they have to say and reconsider your stance.
Your poverty is not the result of someone else's wealth.
Live on the active side of infinity.
Do you want to be respected or feared?
Don't mind me, I'm just out of my mind.
Nothing can stop a man who has his priorities in order.
You are capable of learning anything you want to.
Pretending to be what you think others want you to be is the most obvious precursor to failure.
I am the master of my mind.
It is the job of the police to enforce the laws. When the laws are just, the police are vital and noble. When the laws are unjust, the police are agents of evil.
Professors are some of the most useless people on earth.
Remember who's running the show.
If you can kill the baby, I should be able to abandon him.
The key to happy living is to stop lying to yourself.
I'm good at what I practice.
I'm done hiding.
Don't be too concerned with the way things work to imagine how they should work.
Focus more on the value you add than the skills you have.
If everything's a joke, then so are you.
Do it on purpose.
The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
One of the best feelings in the world is being ahead of schedule.
The most profitable habit is rendering useful service where it is not expected.
The power of the majority is no proof of justice.
Math is much more relevant than most people realize.
Faith means more to a bad guy.
The people in charge can always justify doing terrible things in the name of the greater good. A slaughter here, a little torture there... It becomes moral to do things that would be immoral if an ordinary individual did them.
Today is really sweet when you thought you would die yesterday.
He who dares not offend cannot be honest.
Don't ever put your future in another man's hands.
It is not the common man who seeks socialism, but the irrational intellectual.
I'm alone, but I'm not lonely.
The scientific method is doing everything possible to find the objective truth.
Of all the things in the world, people will enrich your life the most.
One of the most frustrating things in life is being a responsible adult with integrity in a world of others who aren't and don't have any.
Every now and then, look up at the sky.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
The government has nothing to give to anybody that it doesn't first take from someone else.
Why be anything else when you can be great?
If you meant it, don't take it back.
Your purpose is what breaks your heart.
No one is indispensable.
Ironically, the best way to create a class struggle in a society is to redistribute wealth.
Disarming innocent people does not protect innocent people.
Don't waste your time making a perfect plan.
Slow down and enjoy things more.
A license is what you get when the government steals your rights and then sells them back to you.
Doctors will kill you way faster than a gun will.
When stumbling on a leap of faith, you may get a little ruffed up, but you will end up a couple of steps further than you were before.
Men fight for liberty and win it with hard knocks. Their children brought up easy let it slip away again, poor fools. and their grandchildren are once more slaves.