The narrative can’t survive the truth.
Sometimes you don’t get what you want because you deserve better.
The risk of being hated is the price of being respected.
Learn the rules like a pro so you can break them like an artist.
The fact that so many politicians are shameless liars is not only a reflection on them, it is also a reflection on us. When the people want the impossible, only liars can satisfy.
No one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it.
An honest expedition into love is also an expedition into yourself.
We almost always put the chains on ourselves.
You do nothing for the world by depriving it of your individuality just to placate those with no faith in their own.
The boundless energy that leads youth into trouble can be easily directed toward tremendous success.
Choosing sides is only an option for those who didn’t choose principles.
Modern American Marxists seek to convince people that America is fundamentally and irreparably racist in order to justify completely rewriting the constitution.
The difference between a belief and a delusion is whether your daily actions match.
Art is beautiful and dangerous.
Real art can get you into a lot of trouble.
It is human nature to live up to the reputation others assign to you.
Identity politics is a good game to play if you want everyone to lose.
Humans are not supernatural beings.
Weakness is not a virtue.
You cannot be an authoritarian by yourself.
The function of man is not to exist but to live.
We shall not waste our days trying to prolong them.
We ought not blame capitalism for worker exploitation any more than we should blame parenthood for abuse of children.
No matter how benevolent you think you are, when you give a small group of people absolute power over everyone else, terrible things are bound to happen.
It is much better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war.
Human nature does not instantly disintegrate the moment you begin saving the world.
Any regulation that makes it more difficult to innovate will cost society.
The best solution to misinformation is more information.
Mises destroyed socialism this way: Without ownership, there is no exchange. Without exchange, there are no prices. Without prices, there is no economic calculation. Without economic calculation, production decisions are made in the dark. When that happens, basic needs go unmet.
To the ideologue, human beings are speed bumps on the way to utopia.
You are where you are and what you are because of your habits of thought.
Overcome your fear by taking the first step toward your goal.
One can attain a high degree of security in a prison cell if that’s all he wants out of life.
I’m not afraid of having a debate because I know the worst thing that can happen is me finding out I’m wrong and learning something.
The fear of saying something offensive should never overtake your fear of saying something untrue.
Big businesses conspire with the government to create regulations that eliminate their smaller competitors.
Adversity is designed for your benefit.
It should be illegal to create new laws.
Don’t rush, but don’t wait.
The difference between a conspiracy theory and the truth seems to be about six months.
With each adversity comes the seed of an equivalent benefit.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Regulations are a scam.
It feels good to take care of yourself.
An open mind is a free mind.
I got everything I really wanted by being myself.
It saves so much trouble to do things right that I can’t imagine why anyone would do things wrong.
Never let anyone take away your freedom for “the greater good”. Freedom is the greater good.
When a private business does a shitty job, it goes bankrupt. When a government does a shitty job, it blames you for it and then continues to do even more of a shitty job.
It's hard to “believe in science” when it's funded by the Chinese Communist Party.
If taxation without consent is not robbery, then any band of robbers has only to declare themselves a government.
Labor unions seek to gain legal monopolies on their industries.
Value is not how much someone is willing to pay; it is how much something contributes.
An idiot with a plan can beat a genius without a plan.
Our representatives need to be a little scared of us.
Economic understanding elevates the mind above political fighting.
Tomorrow, all of today's uncertainties will become clear.
You're not special.
If you're not doing something different, you're not doing anything.
If you want to kill a big dream, tell it to a small-minded person.
Individual rights supersede any public or social power.
Humans are the only animals not completely bound by instinct.
Do the next right thing.
If you can't trust people, how can you trust a government run by people?
If everything's not okay, it's not the end.
Every time I bloomed again, I thought it was the last.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Human advancement is produced by free and natural economic development.
A lie doesn't become truth, wrong doesn't become right, and evil doesn't become good just because it's accepted by a majority.
There is so much more to gain from falling short than you think.
Practice radical acceptance.
No action can be virtuous unless it's freely chosen.
If you feel inadequate, apply yourself a little more.
Price controls are just lies about supply and demand.
Every time I've tried something prestigious, I've done very well and hated it.
Freedom is the power to live as one wishes.
Don't try to do too much, it will kill you.
If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Be authentic, and people won't bother you as much.
Politicians are opportunists.
You don't love God, you love religion.
Morality is doing what's right regardless of what you're told. Obedience is doing what you're told regardless of what is right.
Heresy is another word for freedom of thought.
The power of intention is the mind's responsiveness to an abundant universe.
I'm an angel and a demon.
You can shake the world in a gentle way.
Get through the shit now, and you'll be glad you did it for the rest of your life.
All the answers are there.
Fear regret, not failure.
Be careful what you ask for… you just might get it.
If one treats men like cattle, one cannot squeeze out of them more than cattle-like performances.
Introverts are loneliest in a crowd.
Love will happen when it wants.
Watch me burn.
Liberty lives in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it.
It's not about finding your place. It's about making your place.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.
Being happy never goes out of style.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Liberals are devoted to helping those who are poor while conservatives are devoted to preventing people from being poor in the first place.